CBS Interactive Software Grant and Contribution License Agreement ("Agreement"), version 1.0

Thank you for your interest in contributing software or other intellectual property for use in the software products and free and open-source software projects licensed or maintained by CBS Interactive (the "FOSS Projects"). This Agreement clarifies the intellectual property rights and licenses granted with Contributions to the FOSS Projects from any person or entity.  This license is for Your protection, as a Contributor as well as the protection of CBS Interactive, the FOSS Projects, and the users of those FOSS Projects; it does not change Your rights to use Your own Contributions for any other purpose.

This Agreement allows an individual or entity to submit Contributions to CBS Interactive and the FOSS Projects and to grant copyright and patent licenses thereto.  If You do not agree the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You may not submit Contributions to the FOSS Projects.

By submitting a "Contribution" You have indicated that You understand, accept, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement for Your present and future Contributions submitted to CBS Interactive. Except for the license granted herein to CBS Interactive and recipients of software distributed by CBS Interactive, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with CBS Interactive. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor.  For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.  If You are accepting the terms of this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, You represent and warrant that You have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to the terms of this Agreement, and, in such event, "You" and "Your" will refer to that company or other legal entity.  

"Contribution" shall mean the code, documentation, or other original works of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that are intentionally submitted by You to CBS Interactive for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the software products or FOSS Projects owned, licensed, managed, or maintained by CBS Interactive (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to CBS Interactive or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, CBS Interactive for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to CBS Interactive and to recipients of software distributed by CBS Interactive a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to CBS Interactive and to recipients of software distributed by CBS Interactive a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) were submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or the Work to which You have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer(s) or another third party (each a "Third Party") has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes or is included in Your Contributions, You represent that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that Third Party, that the Third Party has waived such rights for Your Contributions to CBS Interactive, or that the Third Party has entered into a separate Agreement with CBS Interactive regarding the Third Party's Contribution.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others).

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to CBS Interactive separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which You are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. It is Your responsibility to notify CBS Interactive of any facts or circumstance of which You become aware that would make these representation inaccurate in any respect.  

